✨clusterctl: add CLUSTERCTL_LOG_LEVEL environment variable (#2996)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/configuration.md

For situations when resources are limited or the network is slow, the cert-manager wait time to be running can be customized by adding a field to the clusterctl config file, for example:

```yaml
  cert-manager-timeout: 15m
```

The value string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

If no value is specified or the format is invalid, the default value of 10 minutes will be used.

> ## clusterctl debugging/logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debugging/Logging
```

Author: thanks again for your review
made the change :)

> To have more verbose logs you can use the `-v` flag when running the `clusterctl` and set the level of the logging verbose from 0 to 5.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I'd indicate that 5 is the highest verbosity level, but maybe that doesn't matter as it is standard with kubectl and other kubernetes tools.

Reviewer: On second thought, I'd just leave out the levels of verbosity. I've seen  `kubectl` with `-v9` produce fewer logs than `-v99` recently. Unless the CAPI community has already decided on log levels I don't know if we should mention it here. Because once it's documented it will be hard to change for whatever reason.

Reviewer 2: Heh, it is sadly complicated. The first task I attempted to help with in Kubernetes was to make changes to a couple components to line up with the Logging Convention published by SIG Instrumentation (which is 0-5) but got pushback on the commits as some components don't want to change.  
klog does allow any integer value as a log level, but a quick grep through the cluster-api code will show that the only two values used are `log.V(1)` and `log.V(5)`, so the range is valid if we want to document it.

Author: I will remove and we can set back in a followup if needed

> To debugging or have more verbose logs you can use the `-v` flag when running the `clusterctl` and set the level of the logging verbose from 0 to 5.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To have more verbose logs you can use the `-v` flag when running the `clusterctl` and set the level of the logging verbose from 0 to 5.
```

Author: done

> If you do not want to use the flag every time you issue a command you can set the environment variable `CLUSTERCTL_LOG_LEVEL` or set the variable in the `clusterctl` config file which is located by default at `$HOME/.cluster-api/clusterctl.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: It may be helpful to have a link to the book at https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/clusterctl/configuration.html for more details.

Author: not clear to me your comment, this piece of the documentation will be  in the https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/clusterctl/configuration.html page

Reviewer 2: Fair point, I should have paid attention to the path of the file. :sweat_smile:

> If you don not want to use the flag everytime you issue the command you can export the environment variable `CLUSTERCTL_LOG_LEVEL` or set that in the `clusterctl` config file which located at `$HOME/.cluster-api/clusterctl.yaml`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use the flag every time you issue a command you can set the environment variable `CLUSTERCTL_LOG_LEVEL` or set the variable in the `clusterctl` config file which is located by default at `$HOME/.cluster-api/clusterctl.yaml`
```

Author: thanks for your review!
